Is the destiny of mankind controlled
by some transcendental
entity or law?
Is it like the hand of God
hovering above?
At least it is true...
that man has no control
even over his own will.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes the phrase.
Even mother will
show you another way.
So, put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame, there's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I...
... can...
I can get it off.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you want.
I don't know why...
I don't know why you are afraid.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why...
Too late...
It's too late.
The Black Swordsman
Bartender, do you
have any good news?
No good news at all.
Still nothing?
Things aren't looking well,
even in Midland's castle town.
The times have been dark
ever since Griffith became king.
B-Be careful what you say!
Someone might be listening.
Hey, hey!
They're back again.
Poor girl, but don't get involved.
They'll kill you.
S-Somebody...
How can this be?
No one's willing to
rescue this pretty girl?
What a shame!
Isn't it?
Don't you think it's pathetic?
Bartender...
...here's your money.
Hey...
Some nice people left a table for us.
Bartender, bring the drinks!
Yes, sir.
Hurry up now!
All right!
Hey, hey, baby . .
...you better not spill it!
Hey girl, if you spill it, I'll
make you lick it off the table.
C-Colette...
P-Please let Colette
go, I'm begging you...
Don't be funny, old man!
Grandpa!
Don't forget, you bumped into us first.
Don't think you can get
away with just an apology!
We'll discipline this girl for you!
Right?
Come on, baby, why
don't you pour me a little now?
Yes...
Oops!
You finally spilled it!
Don't you have any manners?
Okay, you have to lick it all up now.
Do it!
It'll seep into the
table if you don't hurry!
Don't waste it!
Come on!
Don't be so lazy!
Hey girl, it tastes good, huh?
Good, don't leave a
drop on the table, baby!
Clean the table until
you can see your face in it.
Great idea!
Gamaru!
Who is it?
Who the hell are you?
Do you know who we are?
Y-You...
We'll make you pay for that!
I want to see your master.
What?
Take this message
to your master for me...
The Black Swordsman is here.
That's it.
T-The Black Swordsman?
That's right.
You better tell him.
T-That guy made a terrible mess!
The Black Swordsman?
Yes.
He's dressed in all black.
He carries an enormous
sword, larger than he is...
...and fights with a
repeating crossbow!
He slaughtered the
castle guards in a few seconds!
What would you like to do, Minister?
Search for him
everywhere, leave no stone unturned!
You must find him!
Yes, sir.
How am I going to
explain this to the master?
A man dressed in black!
Capture him!
I see, so that is
what's going on in the town.
Yes.
Bring the Minister to me!
Right away.
He is finally here.
The Black Swordsman...
Damn!
Them again!
We are always watching you.
Your body belongs to us.
You cannot escape us.
Your blood...
Flesh and bones...
It is all ours!
That's right!
Everything is ours.
Shut up!
It's ours.
You...
The brand...
As long as you have
this brand, your agony...
Pain...
Sadness...
And even your fear...
Everything is ours.
Enough!
G-Griffith...
I am pleased to have you here.
It's been a while, Fief Lord.
Oh, excuse me.
You are a minister now.
I am terribly sorry, my Lord.
Minister, I feel like you don't trust
me since you don't tell me these things.
Please forgive me!
The one who killed those
men was just a wanderer.
He said he was the
Black Swordsman, did he not?
W-We will pay for this by
bringing more food and money for you.
Of course, we'll get that man, too...
...so please...
You look all worn out.
Right now, you should be
worried about your own life, right?
Human's food...
Money...
I care not for these things.
However...
I do want to give this
man a warm welcome.
I love to hear humans
scream as they burn...
...and the sound of cracking bones.
I'd love to prepare
such festivities for him!
Please wait!
You promised that you
wouldn't do anything to my people!
Did I?
But...
I don't care about your people...
I don't care at all.
Kill every last one of them!
Burn everything!
W-What is going on here?
Minister!
He's here.
Kill him!
You've gone far enough!
Prepare yourself!
Even the horses are sliced in half!
How can a human use such a sword?
I see...
I've heard rumors about you.
You are the one...
...the Black Swordsman who
makes trouble for us Servants.
You, a mere human,
think you can defy us?
A Behelit!
Don't make me laugh!
Dig!
My Lord!
You are a fool!
Shoot all you like.
A mortal like you cannot kill me.
No human can kill me.
M-Monster!
You can still move?
If you were an average
man, that would have killed you.
Damn...
Now, you understand...
That's how fragile you humans are!
This is...
...the end!
Fragile...
Humans are so fragile.
I will enjoy eating you up
and filling my hungry stomach.
You're going to feed me...
You said a human
couldn't kill you, right?
You...
T-That brand!
You're right.
We humans are fragile and mortal.
But, even if we are
wounded or tortured...
...we have to continue to live.
You should feel the same pain we feel...
...and see what I mean.
No, stop it!
Help me!
What did you do when
people said those words to you?
Stop it!
Help me!
Hey kid, do you really
want to fight with me?
You've got some balls, kid.
But, you're going to regret it...
...when I chop your
head off with my axe!
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight that you're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying on your crown?
I'm spending my
glass and walking back.
So wear my glass, you're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
For what...
...do humans come into being?
...do humans live on?
For what...
...are humans destined to meet those
who will become important to them?
Everything may rely solely upon fate.
The Band of the Hawk
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm